Add changelog of v0.1.2 (#226)
open-mmlab/mmyolo: docs/en/notes/changelog.md

# Changelog

## v0.1.2（3/11/2022)

### Highlights

1. Support [YOLOv5/YOLOv6/YOLOX/RTMDet deployments](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/main/configs/deploy) for ONNXRuntime and TensorRT
2. Support [YOLOv6](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/main/configs/yolov6) s/t/n model training

> 3. YOLOv5 supports [P6 large resolution 1280 scale training](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/main/configs/yolov5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. YOLOv5 supports [the P6 model training which can input 1280-scale images](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/blob/main/configs/yolov5)
```

### New Features

1. Add `optimize_anchors` script (#175)
2. Add `extract_subcoco` script (#186)
3. Add `yolo2coco` conversion script (#161)
4. Add `dataset_analysis` script (#172)
5. Remove Albu version restrictions (#187)

### Bug Fixes

1. Fix the problem that `cfg.resume` does not work when set (#221)
2. Fix the problem of not showing bbox in feature map visualization script (#204)
3. uUpdate the metafile of RTMDet (#188)
4. Fix a visualization error in `test_pipeline` (#166)
5. Update badges (#140)

### Improvements

1. Optimize Readthedoc display page (#209)
2. Add docstring for module structure diagram for base model (#196)
3. Support for not including any instance logic in LoadAnnotations (#161)
4. Update `image_demo` script to support folder and url paths (#128)
5. Update pre-commit hook (#129)

### Documentation

1. Translate `yolov5_description.md`, `yolov5_tutorial.md` and `visualization.md` into English (#138, #198, #206)
2. Add deployment-related Chinese documentation (#220)
3. Update `config.md`, `faq.md` and `pull_request_template.md` (#190, #191, #200)
4. Update the `article` page (#133)

#### Contributors

A total of 14 developers contributed to this release.

> Thank @imAzhou, @triple-Mu, @RangeKing, @HinGwenWoong, @xin-li-67, @Nioolek, @kitecats, @Bin-ze, @JiayuXu0, @cydiachen, @zhiqwang, @Zheng-LinXiao, @hhaAndroid, @wanghonglie

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thank @imAzhou, @triple-Mu, @RangeKing, @PeterH0323, @xin-li-67, @Nioolek, @kitecats, @Bin-ze, @JiayuXu0, @cydiachen, @zhiqwang, @Zheng-LinXiao, @hhaAndroid, @wanghonglie
```
